DOC-2363: Dialog title was not announced in macOS VoiceOver, dialogs now use `aria-label` instead of `aria-labelledby` on macOS. (#3271)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/7.1-release-notes.adoc

{productname} {release-version} also includes the following bug fixes:

=== Dialog title was not announced in macOS VoiceOver, dialogs now use `aria-label` instead of `aria-labelledby` on macOS.
// #TINY-10808

In previous versions of {productname}, an issue was identified where **VoiceOver** was not announcing the dialog title when using the `+aria-labelledby+` attribute. 

As a consequence, without announcing the dialog title, users who rely on screen readers would not be informed about the purpose of the dialog.

> {productname} {release-version} addresses this issue. Now, {company-name}'s approach to announcing dialog titles is by switching from using `+aria-labelledby+` to using `+aria-label+` directly on the dialog title element itself.

Reviewer: Is it meant to say `Now, Tiny's approach...` ?
```suggestion
{productname} {release-version} addresses this issue. Now, {companyname}'s approach to announcing dialog titles is by switching from using `+aria-labelledby+` to using `+aria-label+` directly on the dialog title element itself.
```

Author: Yes, thanks for checking this one- rather that saying `we` the use of `Tiny` here is more suitable as we cannot recommend something from the actual product being `productname`
